Switch from pkg/secrets to pkg/subscriptions (#8475)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/podman-build.1.md

### `.dockerignore`

If the file .dockerignore exists in the context directory, `buildah copy` reads

> its contents. Use `--ignorefile` flag to overide .dockerignore path location.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
its contents. Use the `--ignorefile` flag to override .dockerignore path location.
```
